Update README.md (#57)
dai-shi/proxy-compare: README.md

## Introduction

> This is an internal library used in: 
> 1.[React Tracked](https://react-tracked.js.org).
> 2.[Valtio](https://github.com/pmndrs/valtio).

Reviewer: We already have a list down there, and `proxy-memoize` is also a featured one. How about changing it like this?
```suggestion
This is an internal library used in state management libraries such as [React Tracked](https://react-tracked.js.org) and [Valtio](https://github.com/pmndrs/valtio).
```

Author: It sounds better😊
